have you seen the video of President
Trump's hand flapping in the wind
you haven't you're in for a big league
treat this is from Friday Trump was
getting on Air Force One
headed tomorrow Lago for the weekend and
his hair tried to fly tomorrow it's now
the Red Hat's make sense
[Applause]
think we might have to see that again
yes you can see this is what bart Vader
had the good sense to wear a helmet
according to White House press secretary
Sarah Sanders the president's hair
stayed perfectly still he does not have
a bald spot and anything that the
contrary is fake newsmen this is
interesting because remember during the
campaign when Trump took a strong stand
against something it made no sense this
take a stand against remember and he
said this the wind kills all your birds
all your Birds killed
you know the environmentalists never
talk about that and I wouldn't exactly
say it makes your farmlands look
beautiful you got all these windmills
all over the place going driving you
loco when you look at him right now we
know why he's anti wind
[Applause]
he doesn't doesn't care about birds the
guy eats Kentucky Fried Chicken twice a
week if you roll the cantaloupe around
on the floor of a dog groomer you know I
was so taken by this video we decided to
go around town today to ask real hair
styling professionals what they think is
going on on our President's head hi what
do you think about Donald Trump's hair
here someone did not glue that down
tight enough I haven't seen that angle
I've seen the front never the back
that's pretty good that's a bad weave
it's a bad weave you need some closure
or something well there's a lot of hair
flying in the air right there was like
the backside of a go it's bad what's
happening to his hair I don't know what
do you think of this moment
Oh anything goes then weeks ago that
that look like ash trees but I'd look
like the behind of an ostrich what would
you call that look neglect you know that
guy's name buddy it's that monster from
Goonies yeah
it's reminds me what would you do with
the old hair I'd shave Oh what do you
recommend Donald Trump do with his hair
to avoid looking like a dog but Paul me
lots and lots of Paul make how much
pomade what I say maybe four or five
cans slicked down to the skin yeah yeah
want me to save you like yeah doesn't
keep you keeping hurricane tornado
earthquake windstorm and it doesn't keep
you from being impeached oh yeah
here to keep me home made on the trial
is this brought to you by balmy thanks
for watching if you like that video
click the subscribe button and if you
didn't like it will you hurt my feelings